ENGLISH.md, before:

# English overview (auto translated)

## !!There is now also a much cleaner [website](https://edgarschramm.github.io/ETHZ-Autumn25-Courses/)!!
(Why are so many people cloning the repo?? I only put it on GitHub because it was the easiest way to host Markdown🫣)
## Analysis 1
### [Metaphor](https://metaphor.ethz.ch/x/2025/hs/401-1261-07L/)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
- Script and transcript
### [Polybox](https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/w8DAgLMwZEPyyEz)
- TA notes on exercises
### ~~Bonus points~~
- are up for debate
- Figalli does not want to grant them
## Linear Algebra 1
### [Metaphor](https://metaphor.ethz.ch/x/2025/hs/401-1151-00L/)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
- Script and notes
### Bonus points
- Available for quizzes at the beginning of exercises
- 0.125 grade value per semester, 0.025 each for up to 5 quizzes 
## Physics 1
### [Moodle](https://moodle-app2.let.ethz.ch/course/view.php?id=25659)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
### [Polybox](https://polybox.ethz.ch/)
- Files for exercises
- Possibly TA-specific
### Bonus points
- 0.25 grade value: 0.15 for at least 50% of series submitted and 0.1 for at least 50% of control questions points
## Computer Science
### [Overview](https://lec.inf.ethz.ch/ifmp/2025/)
- Central point of contact for information
- Lecture schedule and notes
### [CodeExpert](https://expert.ethz.ch/)
- Exercises and groups
### Bonus points
- None 
- XP instead

## Organization
- For suggestions and changes, create pull requests or write to me via [email](mailto:eschramm@student.ethz.ch) or WhatsApp :)
- (All information provided without guarantee obviously)

Commit message:

Revise bonus points criteria and details
Updated bonus points section with details on tasks and submissions.

ENGLISH.md, after:

# English overview (auto translated)

## !!There is now also a much cleaner [website](https://edgarschramm.github.io/ETHZ-Autumn25-Courses/)!!
(Why are so many people cloning the repo?? I only put it on GitHub because it was the easiest way to host Markdown🫣)
## Analysis 1
### [Metaphor](https://metaphor.ethz.ch/x/2025/hs/401-1261-07L/)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
- Script and transcript
### [Polybox](https://polybox.ethz.ch/index.php/s/w8DAgLMwZEPyyEz)
- TA notes on exercises
### Bonus points
- up to +0.25 through weekly tasks during the TA sessions.
- Fridays, Oct 10 – Dec 12 (no bonus on Dec 19), during the first 10–15 minutes.
- TAs give individual short tasks (multiple choice / true–false / short answer).
- each correct submission = +0.05; max. +0.25 (maximum with 5 correct, about 10 attempts total).
- the task in week n covers lecture material up to and including that week.
## Linear Algebra 1
### [Metaphor](https://metaphor.ethz.ch/x/2025/hs/401-1151-00L/)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
- Script and notes
### Bonus points
- Available for quizzes at the beginning of exercises
- 0.125 grade value per semester, 0.025 each for up to 5 quizzes 
## Physics 1
### [Moodle](https://moodle-app2.let.ethz.ch/course/view.php?id=25659)
- Central point of contact
- Exercises and submission
### [Polybox](https://polybox.ethz.ch/)
- Files for exercises
- Possibly TA-specific
### Bonus points
- 0.25 grade value: 0.15 for at least 50% of series submitted and 0.1 for at least 50% of control questions points
## Computer Science
### [Overview](https://lec.inf.ethz.ch/ifmp/2025/)
- Central point of contact for information
- Lecture schedule and notes
### [CodeExpert](https://expert.ethz.ch/)
- Exercises and groups
### Bonus points
- None 
- XP instead

## Organization
- For suggestions and changes, create pull requests or write to me via [email](mailto:eschramm@student.ethz.ch) or WhatsApp :)
- (All information provided without guarantee obviously)
